This is a head-gum original.
Music
Monday, June 27th, we're all happy and healthy.
We're all fatty and wealthy.
We all make money from doing this show and it's okay to explore sexuality.
Can we start over?
Yeah, let's start.
Music
Monday, June 27th, we're all happy and healthy.
We're all fatty and wealthy.
So we didn't need to redo it.
Yeah, we did.
I thought it was like an audio issue.
We don't have to do it a third time at all.
We can really power it through at this point.
Okay.
These are the updates I know about each of you.
Amir, you got a horrible haircut.
You said I think it looks fine.
Yeah, it's fine.
I think it's, came out well.
It's my best haircut yet.
Loki fishing for compliments.
Do you really think it's just fine?
You've got like a thing sticking up in the back.
Yeah, that's more of the headphones.
Yeah.
It's sort of like a David Young haircut.
I would say.
Was that supposed to mean short on the side a little longer on top?
Millions of people have that haircut.
Yeah.
Why specifically David?
I don't know.
He sort of salt and pepper to what you have.
Okay, that's not a haircut.
We're just aging.
Yeah, what is it about all you college humor guys?
We're like, we're all 40.
I thought you were 39.
Yeah, but I'm sort of easing my way into it by calling it home right now.
Sort of like, um, I'm telling you all the guys.
I'm telling all you guys all the bad things about me so that you can't
resty all about it later.
Hmm.
Kind of like how Jeff like constantly makes one of his thin angles.
It's like, yeah.
Not like it's the mic.
Tell these guys something they don't know about me.
You know.
Grayson.
Uh, it didn't gray.
No, this is some bitter sweet news.
Sad news for fans of Ferris.
Ferris has to, has decided to step away from the show.
But instead is going to be Grayson-wise editing not only the video,
but the audio.
Huge.
Yeah.
We should like exit an audio visual.
Oh.
It would have been good to have him on this episode.
I invited him.
He didn't respond.
He's busy.
Yeah.
Uh, and then Marieka, you have.
You have the clap.
No.
I have NBC's The Slap.
Slow media.
No.
You girl got COVID.
I'm currently has it.
Which is why I'm hiding in my room.
I'm trying so hard.
How's your timeline been like from the day you were symptomatic until today?
Boy, boy.
Uh, symptomatic day one tested.
Negative with a home test.
Second day tested negative with a home test was about to leave to go to physical therapy.
And I was like, I think I have a fever.
Uh, I took my temperature.
I did have a fever.
Went to get a PCR test.
That was positive.
And then the next day I was positive with a home test.
Interesting.
So it took the PCR to sort of make the home test aware enough to.
Yeah.
So the viral load wasn't high enough yet.
So the PCR caught it.
And then what day was the worst in relation to those?
Did it get worse after that?
That that PCR test day was the worst.
And then it's been better ever since.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I was like two days bad.
Like feverish and that sort of thing.
But my symptoms have been pretty mild.
Otherwise.
And I'm I'm glad.
I guess that it happened right after I got home from my trip.
I was too during it.
Wow.
I would have been.
Yeah.
And the like I left anticipating that I would have to test to get back into the US.
And then on the trip they got rid of that thing.
So that's good.
Yeah.
I guess I'm not good.
Glad it all.
I can't do it.
By the way, Morgan anything you need.
Anything you need at all.
I'm your guy.
Okay.
She's pretty much feeling better.
Yeah.
I'm pretty.
It is really thoughtful.
I, you know, I've a roommate that she went and got me some candy yesterday.
So she needs her out.
I can arrange that.
I don't think so.
Okay.
I don't know how you would arrange it or why.
But I'm pretty good.
Set them up with someone irisistable.
Suddenly they have to go over to their house.
They're having a great time.
She could have second and second and second and second.
She's scared.
And they're very yeast in fiction otherwise.
They're away from you.
And I think so.
Great.
It's in Credgeless.
Yeah.
Like deep.
This book in Gray Center.
No, absolutely not.
This is all going out.
And I could take this.
Exactly.
Executive decision.
Yeah.
Now it's.
It's Grayson cut this out.
They add school.
Yeah.
That doesn't really have a good ring to it.
It doesn't.
But I didn't want to say that.
We've got a lot to get to today.
First of all.
What about the Sheesh audio.
But yeast.
Could be something to add to the summer.
Remember the yeast.
Sure.
That's definitely still on sale.
From.
Where.
Drawful game.
It's like the drawing of Barney.
What the fuck is wrong with us.
This is actively in the store.
You're saying people can buy this.
And they have.
They for sure.
Oh, it's on sale.
Yeah.
I had to mark it down at this point.
When was the last time someone bought that?
Can you verify that?
Yeah.
I'll look.
You talk Jeff.
I'm doing this.
Yeah.
I guess the first thing to talk about.
Specifically a mirror.
But everybody I'd love you guys to thoughts.
Uh.
What uniform is carrier?
Been going to be in.
Come.
September.
Marika.
Uh, yeah.
I saw that Instagram post.
Uh.
And I assumed it meant he was going to be in a.
A Portland.
Beautiful.
Okay.
That's a solid guess.
I mean, it's definitely not happening.
And I think you're thinking of something else.
But it's an interesting theory.
Cool.
Yeah.
Oh, I was thinking of.
David Miller.
Yeah.
Um, I think he suits up for the leaders.
Just because you you're a huge Kyrie fan.
You also want him to be on the lake.
Or so you're just sort of willing it into existence or something.
Uh, well, woe was reporting this morning.
Specifically that this will be outdated by the time the episode comes out.
Obviously.
We'll be notified by the time it comes out.
Yeah.
But let's hear this week-old.
Pregnostication.
So you guys can hold this accountable.
I feel like well, woe said that Kyrie's now trying to get his way to the lake.
Right.
And I.
I don't know, man.
It's just sort of a gut feeling.
Yeah.
He'd have to take a 30 million dollar pay cut.
He doesn't care about cash.
He's selling his deal with Nike.
Uh-huh.
He's sourd his relationship with the nets.
Leaving $17 million on the table.
Right.
He's someone bought the shirt on Friday.
No.
Ha ha ha.
Three days ago somebody bought that yeast shirt.
A shout out of it.
Actually, I'm Alan John.
Congrats.
Wow.
A crown owner of a yeast tea.
I cut so deep.
Not even eye.
I understand the reference.
So I'm here.
Do you think he sticks with the nets?
I do.
I think he's just threatening to leave.
So that they give him the most amount of money and ultimately he'll stay.
Okay.
This was in the news today.
Kim Kardashian.
Why does her skims body suit crutches for sister Chloe?
Quote your lucky day.
It's so rude.
Chloe, you would be so proud.
I'm in a full skim's shapewear meeting.
And guys, we're making the vagina part in the body suit thicker.
Wider.
Good for her.
But don't this is a weird way of,
uh, yeah, just for you, Chloe, widening it.
This is so rude.
It was really funny.
Maybe she's been complaining about it for a while.
So it's not like, hey, you're just a wider vagina girl
that I know.
Yeah.
Hold on.
So you know you guys make fun of me for having a bigger vagina than most.
Question mark.
Nobody replies to that.
Anyway.
And it's amazing.
But it's just a sliver.
The vagina needs a little bit more fabric, just a little wider.
Um, Grace, and what are your thoughts in terms of
volvic width?
Yeah.
Why?
Great.
Honestly, my first thought.
My first thought was, uh,
do you actually use Apple news?
Okay, boomer.
Nice.
God.
Everybody.
I.
I started using Apple news because Google knows.
You're so loud.
You're yelling.
Either lower the mic, relax a little bit.
I did turn my volume down right as you said that.
You feel threatened or something.
It's an aggregate.
So I don't have to scroll through all the separate news stories and
sites to find nonsense for this show.
Um, remember RSS aggregators.
That was like a big thing in the early odds.
Remember when Jake and in your videos got millions of views?
Oh, my God.
What are the numbers like on a fire for you now?
Don't tell them.
Yeah, well, I mean, less than a million.
Obviously, just.
It's not really fair to compare.
Podcast of video.
All right.
Well, you do a video podcast.
Yeah.
No way.
It's just that these were, you know,
it's like early TV, like even like the,
the fourth show got 30 million viewers per episode.
Like Murphy Brown or something.
You can't compare that to today because there's just so many options.
Remember, and back to the future, too.
And if it's like, let's go to channel 600 and 11, 126.
And everyone's like, holy shit.
Imagine having that many channels in the future.
Yeah, we're here.
We have that many channels.
If I want to watch Spectrum sports.
And I have to go to three 18.
Like that's just.
We're over saturated.
So to say that podcast doesn't get a million views.
No.
And you're right.
I mean, I get that like it goes with that saying that we're in a
changing media landscape.
But I'm trying to say is there still must see TV.
You know what I mean?
Like everybody wants to see succession.
Everybody wants to see you for yet.
You're not it.
So that's all I was saying.
Yeah.
Neither you must see.
But you're musty.
Yeah.
That was nice.
You just sort of you talked about Chloe Kardashian's vagina.
And then made fun of me for a little bit.
Oh, this is interesting.
Been getting into a morrow recently.
Nice.
What is that?
That was good.
I said nice.
Amarrow's good.
This is a morrow, no, no, no.
Which I believe is derived from hazelnuts.
It's sort of a sweeter thing.
That's cool, man.
It's great.
You obviously have an open the bottle.
So you're not getting into it.
So it's a give you a gift.
This is the first episode where I've genuinely felt uncomfortable.
I've forget that word recording.
I will eat your ass.
Grayson, let's get an update on your cock.
What did I just say?
You said you're uncomfortable.
So I was trying to laugh.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let me rephrase.
When was the last time you thought to yourself?
I'm about to die.
Never.
Really?
When was the last time you thought that to yourself?
Friday.
Is that you're going to die?
Dive into that.
Yeah.
Sorry.
But Grayson, can you edit in Brad Singh?
Was he?
Four weeks ago.
Yeah.
What is your guy's favorite memory year-to-date?
That's what I have written here.
Like, since January 1st.
Yes.
How about top golf with the homies?
Going fucking yard.
Look at this stroke.
Great.
Yeah.
Here's referencing us playing top golf on the headgum retreat in May.
Oh, no.
I went again with my cousins last weekend.
That's what I was.
It was really awesome.
It was fun.
Because it wasn't any of the nasty competition that kind of created this black cloud over the entire
All-ance.
Katie, I must push you off the edge.
Yes.
On the top row.
She sort of was urged to tackle me off the third story of the top golf.
And she did it like in a fake way, but I almost slipped off.
And so when I went with my cousins, we did the bottom row.
And it felt stable emotionally, physically.
And my stroke felt the lot better.
So I would say that was my highlight.
My low light.
I don't know if we're doing that yet.
And yeah.
Sure.
Yeah.
A lot of times during the oxide I felt uttered.
Let's leave it at that.
But I was alienated to a fault.
I feel like.
Mom's gone.
Hard for an off site for your own company to feel.
Yeah.
Just like separated.
Oftentimes you guys would go places.
And I would have to over like trailing behind the bus.
The party bus.
Just no, a lot of time in your room.
Darken there.
Yeah.
And we saw right.
We all want to get snacks.
We just saw you sitting in the hot tub at 3 a.m.
Yeah, alone. It was off. It was you're wearing a rash guard
Attached to a buggy board that was in the pool just in case a party
Also your bold vision we did this workshop where we wrote our bold visions which is like, you know goals that you have in a paragraph format
You're just really dark
Your goals are so low
I did a bold vision. I did an underlined vision. I did an italicized vision
I did visions of all sorts of upper and lower case
I just went sort of stream of conscious than slash ham on that shit and some of it
Yeah, it was sort of the bar was low like I just wanted to
Sleep once a day. Yeah, you said you wanted to try key. You should give it another chance
easy come easy go
What I'm curious what
What your guys is highlights of the year have been feel like I'm co-opting the entire segment. I don't mean
Grayson
I haven't thought of a joke answer yet, so my just honest sincere answer is my friends wedding that I went to on January 15
That's nice, but that was really early in the year. So it was it was in Ohio in January
Wow, they must have gotten a great deal. I'm looking that was a Tuesday, right?
That's fun how is Cincinnati in the winter he's from Columbus
What's sorry?
Taking your headphone off won't make you hear me more. What's weird is that I actually
I had said Ohio, but I was in Cincinnati, so it is weird to you knew that
Hey, hey to give him a little wind for that. Yeah, um, my
What was what was the wording of the question? What was your highlight of the of the
Okay, highlight of the year to date. I lit of the year to date. My highlight of the year to date. Probably
vacation I just got back from which no one has asked me about
Which is fine
Oh
That was really fun. So we all know I successfully went to the 24 hours of Le Mans as I said that I would
Um, had a great time just watching cars
They're very loud and when you camp close to the track they just go around all night and are super
super loud, so that's fun
Did you sleep? I did sleep. I slept a little bit on the actual race day
And then what I did not know about Francis that it gets
Dark at 11 p.m. for some insane reason. Is that true? Like yes
It's very far north
But like I don't know. I guess like I've been to
London as further north and I don't feel like I've experienced that there
But I guess you were the longest day of the year
Yeah, that's true, but it got dark at like 11 and got light at like
530 in the morning and in a tent
It that meant as soon as it hit like midnight it was freezing cold and then I seen as it got light out
The sun was just beating down on the tent and it was super hot, so that was fun, but I did manage to sleep
And it was a pretty nice tent
And Michael Fassbender didn't die, which was great. So happy for him. He finished the race
And finally that he did race
So like the
Drivers or in teams of three basically and on his team he's like the bronze drivers like the lowest level
And bronze drivers were required to do six hours in the car and he did six hours in one minute
And they were like everybody else
So he didn't actually like he wasn't the one that crossed the finish line, but he didn't die, which is great
I did what or I kind of witnessed him crash in a way that was not as small
So when crashed into him and like a corner that I was by so I like ran over there to see
But he had like already escaped the gravel trap by that point and gone back to the pit lane
You were on for a couple weeks. It felt like the majority of majority of it was you like testing the limits on how close
You could get to the track. You were on the grid at one point. I was doing the grid
Yeah, I'm Friday at Le Mans. They had a pit walk so you could like walk through the pit lane
Which is really cool and then they also just like open up the entire track and so people were like biking
The eight miles around it and I saw some people running when they're crazy for that
But then at the end of the race
You could go on and watch the podium ceremony. So I friend and I like
Got to a gate in time and got like a pretty good spot watching podium ceremony and then we were like
Before we got there we were talking to the people that ran our campsite and we're like so
Do you guys have buses running back to the campsite after the race and they were like no
We were like how are we supposed to get back
Because it's like a 45 minute walk like out of the like main park area back to the campground
And then they were like you can just walk along the track and back to the campsite
So like our campsite was on
One of the like viewing points in the track and so we truly just like walked backwards
That's cool. Yeah, it was fun and it was like the part of the track we hadn't seen so that was cool
Yeah, I got pretty close to the tire wall. I found some pieces of car on the ground
Yeah, I took one
Like weird carbon fiber
I took an entire wheel
Someone I think so that basically the same thing happened at the formula one race and it was like someone
I think truly took some piece of a car like they found a really large like
I don't know like axel type thing. I don't know. I just saw someone carrying like a huge piece of
And legal yeah people were like ripping off signs like an exit sign from the track. This was a riot
It was like truly insane
I don't have any pictures but like at the podium ceremony for the Canadian grimpe people were like climbing on the fence
To watch
But they were just like sitting on this like super tall fence and like a super crowded
Find the photo
Do you say you like the crowd France more French Canada more? I think I like French Canada more
Wow, that's crazy. Yeah, like French Canada more. I don't know. I I
I
I got really tired of France really fast. I didn't have a good time eating in France because I don't eat red meat and I don't like raw cheese
I unmelted cheese so that really puts a damper on a lot of French cuisine and
That was rough
No, I mean Paris was fine. I was
Was fine
It's no luxury
Paris is fine
A lot of it was a lot of fun. I just the last day I was there. I was definitely my worst day and I got
I got ridiculed by two people about my drink orders, which was what were your drink orders?
All right, so I weigh a lot here
And why
Here's what this is the day you got COVID. Do you think that lasted no?
This was and this was in Paris and then I was and I think I got COVID from Montreal airport because of flight delays and having this at there for seven hours
But so on our last day in Paris
I went to a coffee shop that I saw I had one iced coffee to oat milk rare to find in a coffee shop in Paris
So I was like great. I will ask for an iced coffee with oat milk and they won't be mad at me or confused
And so I did I paid for it sat down
Lady brought
iced coffee without it was oat milk in it over to me and said something really fast kind of in French about the coffee
I tasted it it was fine. I was like can I get that oat milk?
The barista turned around to me. He was like I can give you the oat milk, but it's going to cover up the flavors of the coffee
Yeah, that's the point. I'm from America. I know how to drink. It's like I'd still like it, please
But then I was like I definitely can't put sugar in this which I would have done
How tell you ruin these these beautiful bitter flavor
So that was crazy
And then the end of that day I told my friend that I would eat Indian food or Italian food because we'd been eating like a lot of like Asian cuisine
And for some reason he picked a french restaurant so it was french restaurant where I could have two items on the menu
And I ordered an apparel spritz and the way truss was like oh, we don't have that
Like we don't have touristy drinks like that on the menu. I could look to a compari soda and it's like looking at an
Entire full bar and I was like do you have anything new drink and then and she was like no, like we don't make cocktails and I was like
I can see sharp truss behind you. What do you mean?
Also compari soda is basically an apparel spritz
Okay, so you just don't have apparel. You have a line seller so clearly you probably have pressed that kind of like don't be mad
It was nuts
And I like joking. It was like I can't wait to get up this country
My friend took me very seriously
But yeah, so that was that was my last date France so I had had enough with them in there
Tudes
Otherwise everyone was perfectly lovely. How close did you get to drivers?
I got pretty close
There was a drivers parade
On the Friday before the race where they like sit in old cars and get driven around the town of Laman
And so my friend and I went to that
And we're like standing by the route
Pretty close to Michael Fassbender didn't it's crazy. They also like threw things at people like they
You're like little souvenirs and stuff and like t-shirts
And hats like a fast-bender corner and you and throwing a tire
Did they ever call a Michael Fender bender because of the
Car accidents city was rear ended at one point also said he wasn't that bad was he Michael fast-bender
Nice very good. Here's here's some good by far by the way. That's like a is that a Dodge Challenger
It's a Volkswagen jetter
It's a much it's absolutely a Mustang so chill out
Holy shit
We have to take a break on that note
I was this is just for ads. It's not for anything else. Yeah, oh
Guys lately I've been listening to a lot of French rock from the 60s
All right, it's been great and one of the reasons why it's been great to listen to is because I listen to it on my
Raycon wireless earbuds
Raycon's every day earbuds look feel and sound better than ever with optimized
Gel tips for the perfect in-ear fit these earbuds are incredibly comfortable and they will not budge
All right trust me. I've started putting them in under my helmet on my new moped scooter and they haven't fallen at least
They haven't fallen at all
Raycon's offer three sound profiles to match whatever you're listening to plus noise isolation and awareness mode
So you can choose to be immersed in sound or be able to hear your surroundings when you need to i.e. riding a scooter
I have used other wireless earbuds these do not
They don't even come close to Raycon's Raycon's are unbelievable. They're also much cheaper
I don't know about you guys, but I lose things all the time sunglasses ear buds
It's at or anything small and loose. I'm gonna lose them and Raycon's offer better audio quality for less
Money Raycon's give you eight hours of playtime and a 32-hour battery life
Then when you need to charge it. It's super easy. You can even charge it wirelessly
And this is a huge selling point again as message mentioned Raycon's give you the same
Audio quality as other premium brands at half the price
Literally again. I've lost other ear buds and I've also lost my Raycon's and
Replacing them doesn't hurt as much with Raycon
But that doesn't mean they won't last all right. I've seen people talking about their Raycon's
Falling three stories getting lost in rain and snow storms and still working afterwards
It's no wonder why Raycon's every day earbuds have over 49,000 five-star reviews online
So check out Raycon's wireless earbuds. My guess is gonna leave them a five-star review too
Go to buy Raycon.com slash what's that today to get 15% off your Raycon order again
That's buy Raycon.com slash what's that to score 15% off
Buy Raycon.com slash what's that? Thanks Raycon
How's that
Rico is just telling us that she was in Paris at the same time as Riley in the same cemetery at pair of shoes
But you didn't see each other
And we I think like I
Because she was on vacation with her mom and I was like I think I'm going to the cemetery and some other places and she was like oh, I think I'm going there too
But then we only found out after that we were there the same time but it would have been
Definitely would have been really hard to find someone in there. It's like super the map was bad and it was confusing
But it would have been adorable if we had like turned with a corner at a grave and then saw each other
That would have been crazy. Yeah, little Adam Rafe
You're in grave danger
Welcome to late debates
This is a new series that I'm thinking of starting where we debate things that have already been settled
On this episode
Should you be able to install gas stoves in New York City
Yes, really yeah
Gas stoves easier to cook on I have a gas stove in New York City
So I'm going to go yes so much
Pretty good to remix actually
Yeah
Also Disneyland Paris is pretty cool
Yeah, it's melting you're changing the volume of it high first base mountain goes upside down that you're a Disney so I was really awesome
Phantom Manor was cool
That was easy higher it's a the Caribbean always a classic
You guys I'm not this good at audio editing so someone has to stop
He's a broken
Jesus Christ
Over some rica kind of settled it. You should be able to install a gas stoves. That's a lot
Yeah
No, wait this is
Jeopardy
Jesus craze
It's caviar
saw that
Definitely saw that
You were ordering lunch
I'm sorry about that in 20 minutes. Yeah, we'll be out. Welcome to Jeopardy summer edition
What was the that last thing the gas stoves seems like we didn't do it in the first half
So you just wanted to cram it in there and then sort of move on to the next segment
That was the marica can't talk anymore
segway
We just we have to get to the segment we could still talk about your trip during this but this is Jeopardy summer edition
The categories are sunning your asshole
Lake getaways
Grayson's follies
Cook out decide the summer and summer nights with your boo
What is Grayson's follies have to do with the summer? Yeah
Well Grayson didn't you move to New York in the fall?
Yeah
So there you go
Grayson controls the board uh youngest first
You're called I would love summer nights with your boo for 200
Summer nights with your boo for 200 karate kids style beach bonfire
What is a way to spend a summer night with your boo
That's the only possible
What is it in slash and dangerous?
I'll give you that one marica the question we were like where did Jeff get beat up last
A pretty karate could style beach bonfire. Have you seen karate kid? No. Okay
America controls the board
Let's go check out the sides for 300. Cook out sides for 300 by the way
Shout out to all the southern listeners because I could have said barbecue
Yeah, okay, nice all
What are wipes
Not technically wrong
So then it's right
In a way in a way
Uh, what is the best way to clean up after you spares all over your trousers or something? No
That would probably be tied
Grayson what is the worst flavor milkshake I cook out
Wrong you're like for what inedible products would make a good barbecue or dirt
I
Know that the answer you're supposed to save the answer to a jeopardy question as a question
But the answer is not a question and shouldn't be a question, you know, I mean
Yeah, we need more hints more context clues basically
All right, well, I'm your one and you control the board
Yeah, sure
Grayson's fallies for 100 Grayson's fall is for 100 taking a first date to the 10-minute museum
Can I ask where a clarification yeah what's the 10-minute museum?
Um
It's a museum on the Lower East side of New York that sort of shows people how
The less fortunate had to live mainly immigrants after getting off boats
Okay, sorry, I feel like I really brought the mood down with that question
Well, it's sort of sad to talk what is a bad first date that Grayson went on correct what is one of Grayson's fallies
Oh my god, I think I get this one
You control the board. Let's see Grayson's fallies for two now Grayson's fallies for 200 walks to the 10-minute museum
What are Grayson's fallies
Um
It's a little too broad
What is how Grayson gets to his date at the 10-minute museum?
Um
I'm your run-it-you get an answer and then the closer one I'll give it to one of you guys
What is the way Grayson began one of his fallies?
I'll give it to a mirror. It's what does Grayson do when he has a little too much wine?
Sorry, I'll do a lake
No, I'll do Grayson's fallies for 300 since we're in this near the 10-minute museum
Where does Grayson vomit from drinking too much wine?
You're overthinking it
I'm adequately where does Grayson want to live?
That's correct. Wow. Where did Grayson initially try to move?
Nice. Uh, Maria can control the board Grayson. You're really bringing up the rear here.
Oh, I thought I was team one. Your team too.
Let's go, cook outside. It's for 200. Cook outside. It's for 200 board gravy.
What is the optimal sauce?
I'll give you that one. It's what Thanksgiving side is primed for a summer resurgence.
Maria can control the board pulling away with 700. Yeah, let's go cook outside. It's for 100.
Potatoes all that home. Jesus.
What would be a bad cook outside? Because they're too high.
She's almost the inverse of the correct answer. What is the perfect side? Correct. What hot
Yam dish is perfect for summer days? Not a Yam dish. Spud then, whatever.
Ricky can control the board. Whatever. 800. Whatever is right. What you did is wrong.
Wow. Wow. Let's go. Lake getaways for 200. Lake getaways for 200. No.
What is my answer when Jeff asks if I want to go to Lake Tahoe for the summer?
Ah, sucks. Lake getaways. No. What would, um, why is it good to see a lake?
What would I just see a lake? What are these answers?
Well, the answer is no, which is really broad. Real question is what question is no?
Why? What is a sea getaway? A lake getaway. I'll give you that one. Is silver lake the
neighborhood in LA? A lake getaway. Grayson controls the board. Lake getaways for 100.
Lake getaways for 100. San Diego. What is an impossible place to have a lake getaway? Correct.
What Southern California wet metropolitan is not a lake getaway? A mere controls the board.
I somehow feel worse when I get it right.
That being said, I'm absolutely ready to dominate Sunning your asshole for 100.
Spreading your cheeks beneath the daylight. What is Sunning your asshole?
Correct. More specifically, what is the best way to absorb vitamin D? Amir?
Let's go. Sunning your asshole. Positive. Five, forty, four am. What is the earliest time to start
Sunning your asshole? That's correct. A mere answer. Yeah. Wow.
When is the absolute? In France, you could do earlier. That's right. That's why the
French are so well healthy. Let's finish it up for the full sweep. Sunning that ass.
Sun his asshole. What did Grayson do at a lake retreat? Getaway forever.
Dye. My only guess is that Amir is in the answer. Oh.
I bet this will have something to do with the Supreme Court. What did Jeff do at the beach?
Wow. It's what is Jeff going to do at the office tomorrow?
That's not. Marie can't believe the 1100 amir in second place with 700 still time and Grayson,
you're pretty much out of the game. But he won many on the board. Marie. Let's go somewhere
night with your boo for 300. Summer night with your boo for 300. Watching the fireworks on the
4th of July. What is a bad way to stay? What is a good way to spend? What can't you do
in France with your boo? Because they don't celebrate American Independence Day abroad. Final answer.
The great answer is what will Jeff be doing the next time he experiences erectile dysfunction?
Why do you have the date planned? It's not that I have the date planned. It's just that fireworks
really make me nervous. They put me in my head for sure. Grayson controls the board.
Lake getaways for 300. Lake getaways for 300. Tahoe. What's a lake?
What's more? He was so certain you said it's so fast. I was really eager.
What is the... What is the... Where did Jeff sun his ass and have a wet day at?
I'll come on the other question. The other answer for Jeff.
Where is Jeff going to be watching fireworks?
Correct answer is what Chevy SUV is reminiscent of a lake getaway?
Looking great. Crazy that I didn't get those points. Last one. Drive up to make out point.
Where? Make out point. That was my answer.
I'll just... Hmm. That's close. Wow.
Don't yon. Is that a taming socks? It's suck. It's impossible to win or lose.
I'm winning though. Yeah. It is possible to win.
I'm a plus side at least. He's not doing negative points for wrong answers,
which is how the game jeopardy works. That's your... See that cabby art tab again.
Yeah, I'd love to know what we're planning on ordering. I was considering... Anassai.
Actually, I hadn't looked at all. Listen, there's only one left. I don't know why you guys are dragging
your face. I answered. What did you say? I said a way or question.
What's a weird place for Jeff's parents to drive him on his birthday?
I'll give you that one. I guess we're looking for what's something Jeff won't do this summer.
Holy shit. This is interesting. Mariko one. Why is that interesting?
Thank you. Thank you. That was Jeopardy!
Instantly happy about how it went.
As long as timeless, absolute banger.
Plugs. What do you guys have going on? What do you want to point the people to?
Mariko, let's start with you because you have to leave.
Follow me on social media, on Twitter, Instagram, letterboxed, at Marie K-Lon.
We've got a new show on the head commit work, which is taking Cheryl's true story. Check it out.
Love Cheryl Heinz. Yeah, really exciting. Happy to have them aboard.
Obviously, it's a show that are existed so you can listen to a bunch of episodes already.
Are they going to record out of the office? I don't think so, but I don't know for sure.
Maybe occasionally. He's so sick. I'd love to. Is Cheryl Heinz single?
We don't have time for this, but that's all.
She's dating a very to a Kennedy. You are probably the polar opposite.
I mean, that's a good thing. She's a scaredist. Pull a caveat again.
But yeah, that's my, that's my plug.
There's no way this guy's good in bed.
Jeff is like a girl.
I mean, there's just no way.
Grayson?
What? There's no way this guy's. Grayson, come on. Are we going to have two recording files now?
Yep. There'll be, where it is one.
All right. Yeah, plugs just Google search the name Grayson and follow whatever link comes up first.
I'd love to know, actually.
We wouldn't fall.
Been working on a new smile, bottom teeth only. Bad.
Sort of elongates my face in a way that it's more traditionally handsome.
What do you want people to do with that information? Oh, follow me on Twitter.
Of course. With it.
Get away.
You can follow me on Twitter at Jeff Boyardee. We'll see you guys again next week.
Until next Mr. Potato Head.
And cetera.
Yeah.
We should probably cut the um,
not part of the end there.
Which part of it?
Yeah, from the beginning of Jeopardy on.
Jeff, it is pretty good.
Oh, he froze. No, I didn't.
That was a hit dumb original.
You